The following is the overall status for phase 2 of our CICD pipeline.  

[phase 2 pipeline image](/admin/cipipeline/phase2.PNG)  

The diagram above shows our CI/CD pipeline. We currently have every part of the pipeline functional. However some parts such as the unit testing will still require more building on top of what we currently have in place. The dark pink sticky notes represent actions that we decide and work through ourselves. The center of our pipeline shown in light pink are automated actions that are run by GitHub Actions.  
The start of the whole process is any work done for the project. Someone will do this locally, possibly on a separate branch. Eventually this work will get pushed to the main branch or someone will open a pull request from the branch they are working on to the main branch. Either of these two actions to the main branch will trigger our GitHub Actions. There are four of these in total, each handling a different aspect of our pipeline.  
The first GitHub action is the code quality check done by Codacy. This is helpful because it will check our code for a variety of issues and track how we deal with these issues over time. Codacy looks for code styling issues and error prone areas. It will give us details on the errors it finds to make it easier for us to fix. Codacy also tracks our various push and pulls across different branches. It provides a visual way of looking at our project progress. Codacy is currently functioning well.  
The next GitHub action is the documentation generation done by JSDoc. This looks through all of our javascript files and uses the specifically formatted comments to create the documentation that can be seen through our published GitHub pages. This is helpful for easily understanding all of our functions. Anyone can look at the documentation and see function names, descriptions, parameters, and return types. Our functions aren't currently on our documentation because the comments haven't been made yet. The functionality of JSDoc is working though.  
Another GitHub action we have is the super linter. This checks the styling and formatting of all of our code. It helps with readability and using the suggestions from linting will make our code seem like it was all done by the same person instead of our entire team. This is important for anyone going back to look at and understand how our project works. It is more pleasing and easy to work on. The super linter is currently running.  
Finally, the unit tests we have written are run with Jest on GitHub actions. We have two files for this, one for frontend and one for backend. When someone writes a function, they also test it to make sure it works as desired. The unit testing gives a convenient, organized way to make sure functions return the correct values and the right operations are happening. Ideally, we will have majority of our code tested in this way. We can check this with the code coverage report set up through Jest. We can view the report through GitHub pages. This gives us a helpful figure of the percentage of our code that is being or has been tested. When most of our code is tested we can feel more secure in how well our project works.  
After GitHub runs all of these actions, we check the outcomes to see any fixes we should make. Sometimes the issues are minor enough that we follow through with the pipeline anyways and save the fixing for when there is more time. If we decide to fix the issue, the red line on the diagram shows how we go back to the beginning of the process to fix the code and go through the GitHub actions again.  
Once we are done with those fixes, the code is ready to be merged with production. This puts the code we've been working on with the code that has already been done. It is where the different parts of our project start coming together. Usually representatives from the frontend and backend come together to work on this and make sure that everything meshes well.  
Finally, our page is deployed! That is the end of the pipeline and when the user is able to use our webapp. The entire pipeline is functioning in this way. Within these last weeks we hope to strengthen the pipeline by adding more unit testing and adding comments that will create JSDoc documentation.